Hey so hopefully you have a lot of fun blowing things up with Mike.
I know you had a lot of fun making this section.
The purpose of it is a bonus section.
It's to deliver to the promises that we made to our Kickstarter backers all you guys have got it for
free.
And what's more it's not the last bonus section in the course.
So Mikey let's recap what they learned and what they can do with what they learn in this area.
We'll certainly learn all about the physics engine a bit quirky at times but it really adds that level
of realism with things falling over you just take a freeze frame was destroyed perfect.
And of course we learn how to break objects into smaller pieces when a wall falls over of course and
we use that example in me in the section when it all falls over it doesn't just fall over brick by brick
it will fall over and break up into small pieces so we made sure we've covered that as well.
Lots of fun lots of destruction it was a good lesson so thank you for being with us and dive into the
next section.